working-groups: Add raw kv backup & restore wg (#143)
pingcap/community: working-groups/wg-raw-kv-backup-restore.md

# Raw KV Backup & Restore Working Group

Now BR supports only backup transactional data of TiDB. The goal of this project is to support backup and restore in raw kv mode.

## Meetings

> * As needed

Reviewer: This is too random... Can we define a regular time as other WGs do?

# Raw KV Backup & Restore Working Group

> Now BR supports only backup transactional data of TiDB. The goal of this project is to support backup and restore in raw kv mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now the backup & restore function in TiKV only supports backup of transactional data of TiDB. The goal of this working group is to support backup and restore in raw KV mode.
```

## Meetings

> * Regular meeting on Monday afternoon Exact time depends.

Reviewer 2: please add a specific time and time zoon
